gmi-docs/docs/internship-providers/getting-started.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

## Welcome to GetMyInterns: A Guide for Internship Providers

Welcome to GetMyInterns! This guide will help you take your first steps.

Click on **_Register_** and then on `Internship Providers` to create your account. Fill in the required data as shown on the pictures below.

![Provider Register 1](images/register-provider-1.png)

![Provider Register 2](images/register-provider-2.png)

![Provider Register 3](images/register-provider-3.png)

You can add more than one `Job` post clicking on the yellow button.

## How to Set Up Your Provider Profile

After registering, you may need to choose a `Season` to apply to, if there are more than one active `Season` available.

![Choose Season](images/choose-season.png)

To apply to more than one `Season`, just click on the active one on the menu bar at the top of the screen and choose. Once you have chosen the `Seasons`, or if there was just one active `Season`, please wait to be contacted to start using the platform.

![After Registering](images/after-registering.png)

The menu will appear after you've been approved.

![After Approval](images/after-approval.png)

Click on **_My Info_** to edit your info or reset your password if needed.

In the **_Forms_** tab you will find any forms you need to digitally fill in and sign to be part of the program.

The **_Job Posts_** tab will show you the `Job` posts you have already filled in for the chosen `Season`, and you can see and edit the details of each one by clicking on their title. You can add new ones by clicking on **_Add Job_**. Use the filter to toggle between `Seasons` if you have applied to more than one, or narrow your search.

:::info

`Industry` is the field of the `Job` offered or of business of an `Internship Provider`. You can use this to let the `Student` know in which field he will be carrying out his duties.

:::

## Navigating Your Provider Dashboard

Click on **_Home_** for the menu to show **_About_** and **_Contact_** buttons. Click on **_My Admin_** again to go back to navigating the platform.

![Home](images/Home.png)

Commit message:

Providers - Getting Started: Email if signed up by admin

gmi-docs/docs/internship-providers/getting-started.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

## Welcome to GetMyInterns: A Guide for Internship Providers

Welcome to GetMyInterns! This guide will help you take your first steps.

Click on **_Register_** and then on `Internship Providers` to create your account. Fill in the required data as shown on the pictures below.

![Provider Register 1](images/register-provider-1.png)

![Provider Register 2](images/register-provider-2.png)

![Provider Register 3](images/register-provider-3.png)

You can add more than one `Job` post clicking on the yellow button.

An `Admin User` can also sign you up, in which case you will receive an email.

## How to Set Up Your Provider Profile

After registering, you may need to choose a `Season` to apply to, if there are more than one active `Season` available.

![Choose Season](images/choose-season.png)

To apply to more than one `Season`, just click on the active one on the menu bar at the top of the screen and choose. Once you have chosen the `Seasons`, or if there was just one active `Season`, please wait to be contacted to start using the platform.

![After Registering](images/after-registering.png)

The menu will appear after you've been approved.

![After Approval](images/after-approval.png)

Click on **_My Info_** to edit your info or reset your password if needed.

In the **_Forms_** tab you will find any forms you need to digitally fill in and sign to be part of the program.

The **_Job Posts_** tab will show you the `Job` posts you have already filled in for the chosen `Season`, and you can see and edit the details of each one by clicking on their title. You can add new ones by clicking on **_Add Job_**. Use the filter to toggle between `Seasons` if you have applied to more than one, or narrow your search.

:::info

`Industry` is the field of the `Job` offered or of business of an `Internship Provider`. You can use this to let the `Student` know in which field he will be carrying out his duties.

:::

## Navigating Your Provider Dashboard

Click on **_Home_** for the menu to show **_About_** and **_Contact_** buttons. Click on **_My Admin_** again to go back to navigating the platform.

![Home](images/Home.png)
