gmi-docs/docs/students/getting-started.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

## Welcome to GetMyInterns: A Guide for Students

Welcome to GetMyInterns! This guide will help you take your first steps.

Click on **_Register_** and then on `Students` to create your account. Fill in the required data as shown on the pictures below.

![Reset Password](images/getting-started-register.png)

![Reset Password](images/register-student-1.png)

![Reset Password](images/register-student-2.png)

![Reset Password](images/register-student-3.png)

:::info

The **Academy** is an `Area of Study`, a category or field in which you focus your academic and internship pursuits. Since different schools/districts have different names for it, you may find a different name for the **Academy** field in the picture above. Some schools/districts call them `Academies`, `Pathways`, `Tracks`, `Concentrations`, etc.

:::

## How to Set Up Your Student Profile

After registering, you will need to wait for your school's coordinator to approve your registration. In the meantime you can upload your resume. `Internship Providers` will be able to see your resume.

![Reset Password](images/after-registering.png)

:::info

If there are more that one `Seasons` available, you will need to choose which `Season` to apply to. This will allow you to participate in the program during that `Season`. You can choose more than one by clicking on the `Season` shown at the top menu on the photo above.

:::

When your school's coordinator approves your registration, you will receive an email letting you know and you can click on the link and start setting up your profile.

Click on **_Upcoming Interviews_**, and configure your availability for interviews. `Internship Providers` will have access to this availability to schedule interviews with you.

![Reset Password](images/interviews-availability.png)

## Navigating Your Student Dashboard

From the **_Home_** screen, click on **_My Info_** to edit your data or reset password, if needed.

Click on **_My Admin_** to see and use the `Students` menu.

![Reset Password](images/my-admin-my-info.png)

You can toggle between active `Seasons` by clicking on the `Season` shown at the top right of the menu (see info box on **How to Set Up Your Student Profile** above). You can **_Apply_** to other `Seasons` from here.

When in an applied `Season`, you can directly click on **_Apply_** to find internships, or on **_Schedule_** to see already scheduled interviews.

![Reset Password](images/my-admin.png)

If there are any **_Forms_** you need to fill out, click on **_Forms_** on the top menu and fill them out. You can ask your school's coordinator if you need to submit any forms appearing on this tab.

Commit message:

[DOC 5] add info box for direct approval

gmi-docs/docs/students/getting-started.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

## Welcome to GetMyInterns: A Guide for Students

Welcome to GetMyInterns! This guide will help you take your first steps.

Click on **_Register_** and then on `Students` to create your account. Fill in the required data as shown on the pictures below.

![Reset Password](images/getting-started-register.png)

![Reset Password](images/register-student-1.png)

![Reset Password](images/register-student-2.png)

![Reset Password](images/register-student-3.png)

:::info

The **Academy** is an `Area of Study`, a category or field in which you focus your academic and internship pursuits. Since different schools/districts have different names for it, you may find a different name for the **Academy** field in the picture above. Some schools/districts call them `Academies`, `Pathways`, `Tracks`, `Concentrations`, etc.

:::

## How to Set Up Your Student Profile

After registering, you will need to wait for your school's coordinator to approve your registration. In the meantime you can upload your resume. `Internship Providers` will be able to see it.

![Reset Password](images/after-registering.png)

:::info

If you don't see the message shown on the photo above, then you can start applying for a `Season` and using the platform directly.

:::

:::info

If there are more that one `Season` available, you will need to choose which `Season` to apply to. This will allow you to participate in the program during that `Season`. You can choose more than one by clicking on the `Season` shown at the top menu on the photo above.

:::

When your school's coordinator approves your registration, you will receive an email letting you know and you can click on the link and start setting up your profile.

Click on **_Upcoming Interviews_**, and configure your availability for interviews. `Internship Providers` will have access to this availability to schedule interviews with you.

![Reset Password](images/interviews-availability.png)

## Navigating Your Student Dashboard

From the **_Home_** screen, click on **_My Info_** to edit your data or reset password, if needed.

Click on **_My Admin_** to see and use the `Students` menu.

![Reset Password](images/my-admin-my-info.png)

You can toggle between active `Seasons` by clicking on the `Season` shown at the top right of the menu (see info box on **How to Set Up Your Student Profile** above). You can **_Apply_** to other `Seasons` from here.

When in an applied `Season`, you can directly click on **_Apply_** to find internships, or on **_Schedule_** to see already scheduled interviews.

![Reset Password](images/my-admin.png)

If there are any **_Forms_** you need to fill out, click on **_Forms_** on the top menu and fill them out. You can ask your school's coordinator if you need to submit any forms appearing on this tab.
